“Sometimes the only way to move forward is to revisit the things in your past that were holding you back. You have to deal with them head on, no matter how scary they may be. Because once we do, you will see that you can go further than you ever imagined.” ― Barry Allen, Flash
“Things aren't always what they seem.Our fears can play tricks on us, making us afraid to change course, afraid to move on, but usually, hidden behind our fears are second chances waiting to be seized, second chances at life, at glory, at family, at love. And these opportunities don't come around every day, so when they do, we have to be brave, take a chance, and grab them while we can.” ― Barry Allen, Flash
“Sometimes great possibilities are right in front of us but we don't see them because we choose not to. I think that we need to be open to exploring something new.” ― Barry Allen, Flash
“When you stop trying to force the solution, it'll happen on its own.” ― Barry Allen, Flash
“Being The Flash, that’s the best version of me. If I don’t have my speed, I’ll never be that person anymore.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“Living this life, it takes more than a mask. It takes discipline.” - Oliver Queen, Green Arrow
“Everyone has a hero, someone they look up to admire, someone they just wish they could be.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“It is your destiny to lose to me, Flash. Just as it was your mother’s destiny to die that night.” - Eobard Thawne, Reverse Flash
“There’s a difference, Barry, between having powers and having precision.” - Oliver Queen, Green Arrow
“It’s a scary world. People die. Trusts are betrayed. Things change. But change can be a good thing, you know? It can bring new experiences, new opportunities, people. You can treat ’em like a potential enemy or like a new friend. Just trust that everything’s gonna be okay.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“Life is better if you have faith in the people around you.” - Ralph Dibny, Elongated Man
“Our powers don’t decide who we are. We do.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“Sometimes in life, all we can do is just live with the consequences.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“That’s what a family does. They put up with each other and they put each other first, before ourselves.” - Joe West
“The best way to teach somebody something is to throw them in the deep end.” - Joe West
“Whatever’s in store for us, they can’t change what we mean to each other. Can’t erase what’s in our hearts. As long as we hold on to that… we’ve beaten Crisis before it even begins.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“Even a Ferrari needs a tune-up every once in a while.” - Caitlin Snow
“Sometimes we fail because all we can worry about is not failing.” - Cisco Ramon
“A little fear can be a healthy thing. It helps you determine which risks are worth taking.” - Iris West
“Sometimes, great possibilities are right in front of us, and we don’t see them, because we choose not to. I think that we need to be open to exploring something new.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“Family doesn’t leave family.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“Fighting is physics. It’s not about strength. It’s not about size. It’s about energy and power.” - Cisco Ramon
“I used to think that keeping secrets from people for their own good was a noble decision, that it would protect them. But when you do that, you just rob those people from making their own decisions.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“Sometimes, as a leader, you have to make tough calls in order to serve the greater good.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“When you’re filled with sadness, happy thoughts are what get you through the day” - Iris West
“Fear is what holds people back from being who they should be.” - Patty Spivot
“If every time you make a mistake you just rush in to fix it, you’re only gonna make things worse.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“Not every hero wears a mask. Some heroes save the day in the simplest of ways. By just being there for us, or letting us know we’re believed in.” - Barry Allen, Flash
“We can never learn to fly without crashing a few times.” - Harry Wells
“For every bad memory, there is a good one that will get you through it.” - Iris West
“There’s only one thing I know about life. I know some things happen by chance. And some things happen because we make them happen.” - Barry Allen, Flash
"Part of being a hero is being able to see the good in people." - Barry Allen, Flash
"You can't let the threat of losing tomorrow keep you from making the most of today." - Barry Allen, Flash
"Everyone dies. Maybe the only thing that makes it bearable is to find some meaning in it." - Barry Allen, Flash
"Ignoring the problem does not get rid of it. You have to face it." - Cisco Ramon
"You can either embrace the change and move forward, or fight it, and be left behind." – Barry Allen, Flash
"When you don’t have the key to the lock, sometimes you have to kick in the door." – Harrison Wells
"Our fears can play tricks on us, making us afraid to change course, afraid to move on, but usually hidden behind our fears are second chances waiting to be seized." - Barry Allen, Flash
"Secrets are like walls, and you can't really know someone with walls between you." - Barry Allen, Flash
"Sometimes the only way to move forward is to revisit the things in your past that were holding you back. You have to deal with them head on, no matter how scary they may be. Because once you do, you'll see that you can go further than you ever imagined." - Barry Allen, Flash
"Oh, but I am not like the Flash at all. In fact,... some would say I am the Reverse." - Eobard Thawne, Reverse Flash
"Not fast enough, Flash." - Eobard Thawne, Reverse Flash
"No matter how many times you kill me, Flash, I'll always return. But I only have to kill you ONCE." - Eobard Thawne, Reverse Flash
"It is your destiny to lose to me, Flash, just as it was your mother's destiny to die that night." - Eobard Thawne, Reverse Flash
"That's the spirit. You can't stop me, Flash. And you never will." - Eobard Thawne, Reverse Flash
"If you wanna know that, you are gonna have to catch me first." - Eobard Thawne, Reverse Flash
"I am Savitar, the god of speed." - Savitar
"I have seen the future of each and every one of you. One will die. One will betray you. And one will suffer a fate far worse than death." - Savitar
"I am the future, Flash." - Savitar
"You may be the fastest man alive, Mr. Allen, but I have the fastest mind. No one in the multiverse can outthink me. Goodbye, Mr. Allen...I will be THINKING about you." - Clifford Devoe, The Thinker
"It's so fun pretending to be a hero. I give people hope... so that I can RIP it away from them." - Hunter Zolomon, Zoom
"This ability to travel through time revealed a truth. My fate was to become your greatest enemy. I was never going to be The Flash, so I became the reverse of everything that you were. The more people you saved, the more you were loved, the more I had to take from you." - Eobard Thawne, Reverse Flash
"Goodbye, Flash. You, too, weren't fast enough." - Hunter Zolomon, Zoom
"The days of The Flash protecting the city are over. Now what will you do without your precious hero?" - Hunter Zolomon, Zoom
"Never forget, I am the fastest man alive." - Hunter Zolomon, Zoom
"You said yourself, Caitlin. I am NOTHING but a monster." - Hunter Zolomon, Zoom
"I used to count my success by the number of people I have killed. But now, I will count my success by the number of Earths I have conquered." - Hunter Zolomon, Zoom
"One last race between you and me, Flash, to determine who is truly the fastest man alive." - Hunter Zolomon, Zoom
"That's right. When you traveled to the Time Vault, remember that? Oh, we need help trying to figure out how to drain energy from the 'one who got away.' Remember that? When you blurted that out in the middle of the Time Vault, so that years later, when I ended up with Cicada's dagger strapped to my chest, I knew exactly what I had to do: get Nora Allen to trust me. Easy. Just like when I got you to trust me, and then everything starts falling into place. Why? Because I am the only speedster that knows how to manipulate the timeline to get what I want, orchestrate the changes that I need, some of which are happening right now, to ensure one thing: that I go free." - Eobard Thawne, Reverse Flash
"Gentlemen. I hate to inform you, but... you are all dead." - Eobard Thawne, Reverse Flash 
"But some days, the pain, it's worse than the day that it happened." - Barry Allen to Caitlin 